About this challenge 
This is an exercise that represents some of the work you may encounter at Bobyard. There is no single right answer — we've left it intentionally open-ended to understand how you think.

Please don’t spend more than ~2 hours on this. If time runs out before everything is done, no worries this task is meant to take longer! Just write up a quick explanation of where you would have taken things from where you left off if there had been more time. 
Getting started 
We are going to build comment functionality (similar to that of YouTube or Reddit). Download this JSON file to get started, it has a list of comments that you will use as data. 

JSON file: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a2nJ1ErJRGyt_oQr-heP4xT97SZRPs1N/view?usp=sharing 

Part 1: Backend
Using any database, language, and framework, set up a simple RESTful backend API. Please use what you are comfortable with, we expect you to be able to demo all its functionality & build new features upon it during a follow up. (Bobyard uses Django Rest framework with PostgreSQL, so slight preference for that stack.)

Implement edit, add, and delete functionality to comments. Update the database accordingly when these APIs are called.

Requirements:
Edit text of existing comments 
Add a comment, with new text (from “Admin” user), with the current time
Delete existing comments 
List all comments

Part 2: Frontend setup 
Please create a simple React.js page displaying these comments. We are judging the code quality/readability and design of the page. 

Requirements:
Get the data from the backend
Need to display the text, author, date, likes, and images for the comments 
Clean design

Part 3: Frontend edit, add, and delete 
Now add edit, add, and delete functionality to comments (pretend that the user is the admin and can change any of the comments). Use the APIs you just made in the backend. 

Requirements:
Edit text of existing comments 
Add a comment with new text (from “Admin” user), with the current time
Delete comments 

Submission 
Upload to Ashby or put your solution on GitHub and link in notes for me to clone. Slight preference for a notebook, so there are no worries about the environment (please include readme for setup if otherw
